in fact from the years to the maratea film
festival
among the guests such presences that is the
welcome that creativity and Easter
of nuzzo hello easter hear come back
to a life we can say normal later
the experience of friends that has been a lot
rewarding for you is easy
absolutely no oh well no doubt they are
changed a lot of things but it was a lot
nice because anyway like all of them
experiences end and therefore how
all experiences back to life
normal
so take jobs, in short
several things for which still a nice one
what sooner or later things end
so why take reality so
absolutely but what does it have to do with
maratea film festival because if here
together with the dance since childhood he has
always had the ambition of cinema
so I'm very happy to be
present here at the seaside of the film festival
I also listened to the presentation of
manuel de sica books and where he used to say
just a sentence that struck me
was that the cinema is not only
intelligence and indeed all its
intelligence but above all distinct from
when it hit me it is still a lot of le
ambitions need in addition to the dance there is
always been the cinema to be
This here and I'm very happy in
instinctive level since we talk about
this what movie or what kind of fake
would like to interpret watch
the films are different , especially the ones
fiction more than anything else one of the
prefer team antimafia
also present one of the minds there
favorite than giulia michelini e
so I'd like to maybe someday
I would like to shoot anti-mafia, however, I am
the different kinds of films I have
like
this summer for three is not just about relaxation
I imagine you are around no
fortunately or I'm present like
guest in several events and some for
all Italy so we will touch a little
all regions of italy and therefore a lot
very very working I am happy
surely maybe there will be a bathroom less
bad, however, absolutely this summer the
because being silent at work comes immediately to me
in mind so thinking about dance and to
your aspirations as an actor in a musical
you would like to look yes and no in the sense
that I like the show much more and
especially the cinema that the musical
months with a nice environment though
I prefer the cinema that did well
as how you imagine yourself rare indeed
and how it seemed spontaneous but not
interested you are rightly everyone lives
how do you think about how you feel but above all
you as you imagine yourself in a neighbor
future it is clear that we do not have the sphere
crystal but how would you like it
imagine you look, I surely imagine
this was studying dance and
may succeed in accomplishing this
my second dream in quotation marks that is
cinema and therefore you will see me
once again that black box though
how to vote maybe a movie
certainly thanks to Easter thanks to
you